Long time no see.
See you again
Nice to be real-world friends
Zhang Yang, what are you doing here?
This gate is my turf
Are you sure you want to run for these outsiders?
If there is a war between the two sides of the camp
Can you afford it?
Don't take the camp to fight and crush me
I'm sure these people are safe
If there is a problem
Let Ouyang Fei find me
Don't worry.
Hold
You are waiting for publicity
We need your help.
A strong team, but I'm still polite.
Just say something
This is Wang Xinyi, MD
Dr. Jiajia Zhang, Biology
Doctor of Medicine Biologist
These two are the key to solving mutants
We are here this time
Just want to collect some supplies and weapons
I'm going to escort them to the research institute to develop the serum